{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1. User fills up form:\
		a. 2x2 picture\
		b. Whole name \
			Format:\
				FirstName_MiddleInitial._LastName\
		c. Address (multiple)\
		d. Telephone number (multiple)\
		e. Cellphone number (multiple)\
		f. e-mail\
		g. Objective (optional)\
		h. Education (multiple)\
			Per education info:\
				h1. Year Started\
				h2. Year Finished\
				h3. School/University\
				h4. Education Attained (Degree for College, Diploma for High School)\
				h5. Month and Year that Degree for College, Diploma for High School was received\
				h6. Academic achievements (multiple)\
				h7. Award (multiple) \
				h8. Year that award was obtained (for each award)\
		i. Work Experience\
			Per work experience:\
				i1. Month and Year Started\
				i2. Month and Year Finished\
				i3. Position held\
				i4. Company\
				i5. Work done in your stay in the company (multiple)\
		j. Co-curricular activities\
			Per co-curricular activity:\
				j1. Year started\
				j2. Year finished\
				j3. Position held\
				j4. Organization\
				j5. Work done in the organization (multiple)\
		k. Seminars Attended\
			Per seminar attended:\
				k1. Month\
				k2. Year\
				k3. Title of Seminar\
				k4. Who headed the seminar? (Org, Company, Office Unit etc)\
				k5. Where seminar was held\
		l. Seminars conducted\
			Per seminar conducted:\
				l1. Month\
				l2. Year\
				l3. Position\
				l4. Title of seminar\
				l5. Who headed the seminar? (Org, Company, Office Unit etc)\
				l6. Where seminar was held\
		m. Research Papers Prepared\
			Per research paper prepared:\
				m1. Month\
				m2. Year\
				m3. Complete title\
				m4. Brief summary of the content of your paper\
		n. Personal Background (one big text field for his paragraph)\
	2. User submits the form by pressing "Submit" button.\
	3. System displays download resume page.}